Look, man:

Cookies get such a bad rap. People hear all about how bad they are and that they
need to clear their browser, etc. Sure, cookies can be misused by some people
but so can JavaScript and we don't need to click on a pop-up for that every time
we visit a new website.

The gist of cookies on Crabber is this:

We use ONE cookie. It's called a session key. You can hit F12, go to storage,
cookies, https://crabber.net/ and see it. That little collection of letters and
numbers lets us keep track of what person is making what request to the website.
When someone comes back to the site we look up their key in our file to retrieve
two things: Is the user logged in, and if so, what account are they logged in
to? Simple as that. Were we not to use cookies this site could simply not
function without you having to log in EVERY TIME you load a page. That's the
gist of the situation.

There's a lot of talk about tracking people with cookies. People get the idea in
their head that allowing a site to use cookies means that site can magically
track them as they go about their business. Not so. The way people (Google,
Amazon, etc.) actually track you is by having their content embedded in just
about every site you visit. Where their content is embedded they can then check
the cookies they own for whomever is visiting that site and see if it's someone
they know. That's tracking.

Crabber isn't embedded anywhere. Even if it was, we wouldn't care to keep a log
of where you've been. That's Google's business. You can read our terms of
service to see exactly what we do and don't keep track of.

Don't be scared of cookies, be informed. If you don't like how sites like
Facebook make use of them then take action on those sites. Cookies are not the
problem, nosy people are.
